The information on Baltimore properties sold during tax lien certificate sales can be used in various fields such as real estate investment, policy-making, and local governance. Real estate investors can use the dataset to identify investment opportunities and gain insights into the Baltimore real estate market, while policymakers and government representatives can use it to understand the effects of tax lien certificate sales on neighborhoods and develop strategies to reduce the number of properties sold during these sales. The dataset is a valuable resource to gain a comprehensive understanding of the local housing market and tax collection procedures in Baltimore. This study uses data analytics, statistical analysis, and visualizations to understand which users have the most followers. The research questions are based on the dataset's data, and different methodologies are used to seek answers. Exploratory analysis and visualization were conducted using Python and R, and Excel was used for manual data cleaning since the dataset had fewer rows. Some queries were also executed to produce outcomes. The aim of this data collection is to investigate and understand some of the elements that influencers believe to be helpful in increasing their followers. Influencers may find this information useful in attracting new followers and expanding their fan base. It closely examines the significant ideas that emerged from the analysis, explains the study's limitations, and presents the significant benefits.
